                                                             WORD BUILDER
                                                              Game Rules
                                                            For 2 Players
OBJECT : 
                   In the Word Builder game, players are to form words using the 26 alphabets .
                   There are in total 5 rounds in the game.
                   Each player competes to win maximum rounds in order to win the game.
GAMEPLAY : 
1. The two players of the game Player 1 and Player 2 are assigned characters i.e. BOB and WENDY respectively.
    (Hereby in the instructions Player 1 and Player 2 will be referred to as BOB and Wendy respectively)
2. The first turn in the game is of BOB and the second turn is of WENDY.
3. As a round begins, BOB has to enter an alphabet with which he/she can form a valid word.
    (Check the note at the end of the instructions)
    Then WENDY has to enter the second alphabet corresponding to the first alphabet entered by BOB to make a vaild word.
4. After entering a word the turns changes between BOB and WENDY.
5. If a player, either BOB or WENDY, is unable to enter next alphabet i.e. if he/she is not able to continue the entered word, then the player,
    either BOB or WENDY, can press the "PASS" button to skip his/her turn and the next player gets the chance.
6. END OF A ROUND :
                       A round ends in the following situations : 
                       i. If both the players are unable to continue the word and both of them press the "PASS" button.
                      ii. If according to the dictionary a word cannot be further continued.
                     iii. 
7. END OF THE GAME : 
                       After completion of 5 rounds, the game ends.
                       The game can be terminated in between by pressing the "EXIT" button.
SCORING : 
1. Scores are given on the basis of number of rounds won by a particular player.
2. One point is awarded when one round is won.
3. The scores are given following these cases : 
    Case 1 : When BOB enters the last alphabet and there is no more possible word, then WENDY wins the round.
    Case 2 : When WENDY enters the last alphabet and there is no more possible word, then BOB wins the round.
    Case 3 : When BOB enters the last alphabet and
                   Case i : On the next turn WENDY enters an alphabet that leads to formation of a correct word according to the dictionary, then the game
                                will continue.
                  Case ii : On the next turn WENDY is unable to think of the word and presses the "PASS" button then the turn passes to BOB. Now if
                                 Case a : BOB also presses the "PASS" button, then WENDY wins the respective round.
                                 Case b : BOB enters the alphabet that leads to formation of a correct word according to the dictionary, then BOB wins the
                                                respective round.
HOW TO WIN : 
        The player, either BOB or WENDY, with the highest number of rounds won wins the game.

NOTE : 
        Words with special characters like '@' , '$' , '%' , '&', etc. , are not allowed.                                            